README.md, before:

# issue2md

A CLI and web tool to convert GitHub issues or discussions into Markdown format.

[中文文档](./README-zh.md)

>The majority of the content in this repository was generated by AI.

## Command-line Mode

### Install issue2md CLI

```bash
$ go install github.com/bigwhite/issue2md/cmd/issue2md@latest
```

### Convert an Issue/Discussion to Markdown

```bash
Usage: issue2md [flags] issue-url [markdown-file]
Arguments:
  issue-url      The URL of the GitHub issue/discussion to convert.
  markdown-file  (optional) The output markdown file.
Flags:
  -enable-reactions
    	Include reactions in the output.
  -enable-user-links
    	Enable user profile links in the output.
```

## Web Mode

### Install and Run issue2md Web

#### Run issue2md web with docker(Recommended)

```
$docker run -d -p 8080:8080 bigwhite/issue2mdweb
```

#### Compile from source

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/bigwhite/issue2md.git
$ make web
$ ./issue2mdweb
Server is running on http://0.0.0.0:8080
```

### Convert an Issue/Discussion to Markdown

Open `localhost:8080` in your browser:

![Screenshot](./screen-snapshot.png)

Input the issue/discussion URL you wish to convert and click the "Convert" button!

Commit message:

feat: Add support for converting Pull Requests
This commit introduces the capability to convert GitHub Pull Requests into Markdown format, extending the tool's functionality beyond just Issues and Discussions.

This new feature is implemented across both the command-line interface and the web application.

Key changes include:
- A new `FetchPullRequest` function to retrieve PR data from the GitHub API.
- A `PullRequestToMarkdown` converter to format the fetched data.
- Updated URL parsing logic in `ParseURL` to correctly identify and handle Pull Request URLs.
- Integration of the new functionality into the main logic for both the CLI and web handler.
- Documentation (`README.md`, `README-zh.md`) and web UI text have been updated to reflect the inclusion of Pull Request support.
- Renamed variables like `issueURL` to the more generic `itemURL` throughout the codebase for better clarity.

README.md, after:

# issue2md

A CLI and web tool to convert GitHub issues, discussions, or pull requests into Markdown format.

[中文文档](./README-zh.md)

>The majority of the content in this repository was generated by AI.

## Command-line Mode

### Install issue2md CLI

```bash
$ go install github.com/bigwhite/issue2md/cmd/issue2md@latest
```

### Convert an Issue/Discussion/Pull Request to Markdown

```bash
Usage: issue2md [flags] url [markdown-file]
Arguments:
  url            The URL of the GitHub issue, discussion, or pull request to convert.
  markdown-file  (optional) The output markdown file.
Flags:
  -enable-reactions
    	Include reactions in the output.
  -enable-user-links
    	Enable user profile links in the output.
```

## Web Mode

### Install and Run issue2md Web

#### Run issue2md web with docker(Recommended)

```
$docker run -d -p 8080:8080 bigwhite/issue2mdweb
```

#### Compile from source

```bash
$ git clone https://github.com/bigwhite/issue2md.git
$ make web
$ ./issue2mdweb
Server is running on http://0.0.0.0:8080
```

### Convert an Item to Markdown

Open `localhost:8080` in your browser:

![Screenshot](./screen-snapshot.png)

Input the issue, discussion, or pull request URL you wish to convert and click the "Convert" button!
